the king of a rod the Canaanite who
the king of a rod the Canaanite who dwelt in the south heard that Israel was
dwelt in the south heard that Israel was
dwelt in the south heard that Israel was coming on the road to essaouira then he
coming on the road to essaouira then he
coming on the road to essaouira then he fought against Israel and took some of
fought against Israel and took some of
fought against Israel and took some of them prisoners so Israel made a vow to
them prisoners so Israel made a vow to
them prisoners so Israel made a vow to the Lord and said if you will indeed
the Lord and said if you will indeed
the Lord and said if you will indeed deliver this people into my hand then I
deliver this people into my hand then I
deliver this people into my hand then I will utter ly destroy their cities and
will utter ly destroy their cities and
will utter ly destroy their cities and the Lord listened to the voice of Israel
the Lord listened to the voice of Israel
the Lord listened to the voice of Israel and delivered up the Canaanites and they
and delivered up the Canaanites and they
and delivered up the Canaanites and they utterly destroyed them and their cities
utterly destroyed them and their cities
utterly destroyed them and their cities so the name of that place was called
so the name of that place was called
so the name of that place was called former then they journeyed from mount
former then they journeyed from mount
former then they journeyed from mount hor by way of the Red Sea to go around
hor by way of the Red Sea to go around
hor by way of the Red Sea to go around the land of Edom and the soul of the
the land of Edom and the soul of the
the land of Edom and the soul of the people became very discouraged on the
people became very discouraged on the
people became very discouraged on the way and the people spoke against God and
way and the people spoke against God and
way and the people spoke against God and against Moses why have you brought us up
against Moses why have you brought us up
against Moses why have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness
out of Egypt to die in the wilderness
out of Egypt to die in the wilderness but there is no food and no water and
but there is no food and no water and
but there is no food and no water and our solos this worthless bread so the
our solos this worthless bread so the
our solos this worthless bread so the Lord sent fiery serpents among the
Lord sent fiery serpents among the
Lord sent fiery serpents among the people and they bit the people and many
people and they bit the people and many
people and they bit the people and many of the people of Israel died therefore
of the people of Israel died therefore
of the people of Israel died therefore the people came to Moses and said we
the people came to Moses and said we
the people came to Moses and said we have sinned
have sinned
have sinned for we have spoken against the Lord and
for we have spoken against the Lord and
for we have spoken against the Lord and against you
against you
against you pray to the Lord that he take away the
pray to the Lord that he take away the
pray to the Lord that he take away the Serpent's from us so Moses prayed for
Serpent's from us so Moses prayed for
Serpent's from us so Moses prayed for the people then the Lord said to Moses
the people then the Lord said to Moses
the people then the Lord said to Moses make a fiery Serpent and set it on a
make a fiery Serpent and set it on a
make a fiery Serpent and set it on a pole and it shall be that everyone who
pole and it shall be that everyone who
pole and it shall be that everyone who is bitten when he looks at it shall live
is bitten when he looks at it shall live
is bitten when he looks at it shall live so Moses made a bronze seventh and put
so Moses made a bronze seventh and put
so Moses made a bronze seventh and put it on a pole and so it was if a serpent
it on a pole and so it was if a serpent
it on a pole and so it was if a serpent had bitten anyone when he looked at the
had bitten anyone when he looked at the
had bitten anyone when he looked at the bronze serpent he lived now the children
bronze serpent he lived now the children
bronze serpent he lived now the children of Israel moved on and camped in Oberth
of Israel moved on and camped in Oberth
of Israel moved on and camped in Oberth and they journeyed from Oberth and
and they journeyed from Oberth and
and they journeyed from Oberth and camped at IJ Abbadon in the wilderness
camped at IJ Abbadon in the wilderness
camped at IJ Abbadon in the wilderness which is east of moab toward the sunrise
which is east of moab toward the sunrise
which is east of moab toward the sunrise from there they moved and camped in the
from there they moved and camped in the
from there they moved and camped in the valley of zr8 from there they moved and
valley of zr8 from there they moved and
valley of zr8 from there they moved and camped on the other side of the Amman
camped on the other side of the Amman
camped on the other side of the Amman which is in the wilderness that extends
which is in the wilderness that extends
which is in the wilderness that extends from the border of the Amur ants for the
from the border of the Amur ants for the
from the border of the Amur ants for the Arnon is the border of Moab between Moab
Arnon is the border of Moab between Moab
Arnon is the border of Moab between Moab and the ammonites therefore it is said
and the ammonites therefore it is said
and the ammonites therefore it is said in the book of the Wars of the Lord
in the book of the Wars of the Lord
in the book of the Wars of the Lord warhead in sufer the Brooks of the Arnon
warhead in sufer the Brooks of the Arnon
warhead in sufer the Brooks of the Arnon and the slope of the Brooks that reaches
and the slope of the Brooks that reaches
and the slope of the Brooks that reaches to the dwelling of our and lies on the
to the dwelling of our and lies on the
to the dwelling of our and lies on the border of Moab from there they went to
border of Moab from there they went to
border of Moab from there they went to be air which is the wealth where the
be air which is the wealth where the
be air which is the wealth where the Lord said to Moses gather the people
Lord said to Moses gather the people
Lord said to Moses gather the people together and I will give them water then
together and I will give them water then
together and I will give them water then Israel sang this song spring up oh well
Israel sang this song spring up oh well
Israel sang this song spring up oh well all of you sing to it the well the
all of you sing to it the well the
all of you sing to it the well the leaders sink dug by the nation's Nobles
leaders sink dug by the nation's Nobles
leaders sink dug by the nation's Nobles by the lawgiver with their staves
[Music]
[Music] and from the wilderness they went to
and from the wilderness they went to
and from the wilderness they went to Metta nur from Mariner tuna hey Leo from
Metta nur from Mariner tuna hey Leo from
Metta nur from Mariner tuna hey Leo from nough hey Leo - bailiff and from famous
nough hey Leo - bailiff and from famous
nough hey Leo - bailiff and from famous in the valley that is in the country of
in the valley that is in the country of
in the valley that is in the country of Moab to the top of Pisgah which looks
Moab to the top of Pisgah which looks
Moab to the top of Pisgah which looks down on the wasteland Israel sent
down on the wasteland Israel sent
down on the wasteland Israel sent messengers to Sihon king of the
messengers to Sihon king of the
messengers to Sihon king of the ammonites let me pass through your land
ammonites let me pass through your land
ammonites let me pass through your land we will not turn aside into fields or
we will not turn aside into fields or
we will not turn aside into fields or vineyards we will not drink water from
vineyards we will not drink water from
vineyards we will not drink water from wells we will go by the Kings Highway
wells we will go by the Kings Highway
wells we will go by the Kings Highway until we have passed through your
until we have passed through your
until we have passed through your territory but Sion would not allow
territory but Sion would not allow
territory but Sion would not allow Israel to pass through his territory
Israel to pass through his territory
Israel to pass through his territory so Sion gathered all his people together
so Sion gathered all his people together
so Sion gathered all his people together and went out against Israel in the
and went out against Israel in the
and went out against Israel in the wilderness and came to J has and fought
wilderness and came to J has and fought
wilderness and came to J has and fought against Israel in Israel defeated him
against Israel in Israel defeated him
against Israel in Israel defeated him with the edge of the sword took
with the edge of the sword took
with the edge of the sword took possession of his land from the Arnon to
possession of his land from the Arnon to
possession of his land from the Arnon to the Jabbar
the Jabbar
the Jabbar as far as the people of ammon but the
as far as the people of ammon but the
as far as the people of ammon but the border of the people of ammon was
border of the people of ammon was
border of the people of ammon was fortified so Israel took all these
fortified so Israel took all these
fortified so Israel took all these cities and Israel dwelt in all the
cities and Israel dwelt in all the
cities and Israel dwelt in all the cities of the ammonites in heshbon and
cities of the ammonites in heshbon and
cities of the ammonites in heshbon and in all its villages for Heshbon was the
in all its villages for Heshbon was the
in all its villages for Heshbon was the city of Sihon king of the ammonites who
city of Sihon king of the ammonites who
city of Sihon king of the ammonites who would fought against the former king of
would fought against the former king of
would fought against the former king of Moab and had taken all his land from his
Moab and had taken all his land from his
Moab and had taken all his land from his hand as far as the honor where for those
hand as far as the honor where for those
hand as far as the honor where for those who speak in Proverbs say come to
who speak in Proverbs say come to
who speak in Proverbs say come to heshbon let it be built that the city of
heshbon let it be built that the city of
heshbon let it be built that the city of Sion be repaired for fire went out from
Sion be repaired for fire went out from
Sion be repaired for fire went out from heshbon a flame from the city of Sion it
heshbon a flame from the city of Sion it
heshbon a flame from the city of Sion it consumed our of Moab the lords of the
consumed our of Moab the lords of the
consumed our of Moab the lords of the heights of the Annan woe to you more
heights of the Annan woe to you more
heights of the Annan woe to you more you have perished o people of key mush
you have perished o people of key mush
you have perished o people of key mush he has given his sons as fugitives and
he has given his sons as fugitives and
he has given his sons as fugitives and his daughters into captivity to saya
his daughters into captivity to saya
his daughters into captivity to saya king of the ammonites but we have
king of the ammonites but we have
king of the ammonites but we have shuttled Heshbon has perished as far as
shuttled Heshbon has perished as far as
shuttled Heshbon has perished as far as died on then we laid waste as far as
died on then we laid waste as far as
died on then we laid waste as far as nofa which reaches to medibot thus
nofa which reaches to medibot thus
nofa which reaches to medibot thus israel dwelt in the land of the amorite
israel dwelt in the land of the amorite
israel dwelt in the land of the amorite where Moses sent to spy out Jason and
where Moses sent to spy out Jason and
where Moses sent to spy out Jason and they took its villages and drove out the
they took its villages and drove out the
they took its villages and drove out the amorite sewer then they turned and went
amorite sewer then they turned and went
amorite sewer then they turned and went up by the way temptation so Ark king of
up by the way temptation so Ark king of
up by the way temptation so Ark king of Bashan went out against them he and all
Bashan went out against them he and all
Bashan went out against them he and all his people to battle at Adria and the
his people to battle at Adria and the
his people to battle at Adria and the Lord said to Moses do not fear him for I
Lord said to Moses do not fear him for I
Lord said to Moses do not fear him for I have delivered him into your hand with
have delivered him into your hand with
have delivered him into your hand with all his people and his land and you
all his people and his land and you
all his people and his land and you shall do to him as you did to saya
shall do to him as you did to saya
shall do to him as you did to saya king of the amorite who dwelt in fish
king of the amorite who dwelt in fish
king of the amorite who dwelt in fish bone so they defeated him his sons and
bone so they defeated him his sons and
bone so they defeated him his sons and all his people until there was no
all his people until there was no
all his people until there was no survivor left him and they took
survivor left him and they took
survivor left him and they took possession of his land